[Rewrite] Function Wikis - #3 (#205)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/untimeout.md

# $untimeout
Untimeouts a timed out user.

## Syntax
```
$untimeout[(User ID)]
```

### Parameters

> - `User ID` : The ID of the user to untimeout. If empty argument is supplied, untimeouts the mentioned users (Optional).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `User ID` : The ID of the user to untimeout. If this parameter is empty, untimeouts the mentioned users (Optional).
```

### Permissions

> Required permission which the bot must have for this function to work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Required permissions that the bot must have for this function to work properly :
```
